{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Sydney Ruzicka\
Web Science Systems Development\
Lab 2\
\

\b Problems with CORS and Location Sharing\

\b0 Similar to Lab 1, I found that Cross Origin Resource Sharing restrictions also had to be disabled in order for this lab to work. I also found that HTML5\'92s geolocation functions only work on secure websites (https). Therefore, I could not develop this lab using Apache because I would have had to make a self-signed ssl certificate. Also, even when developing right from the files it is necessary to make sure your browser is allowing location to be accessed. \
\

\b Weather API\

\b0 I chose to use the Forecast.io weather API and found that it worked perfectly. I didn\'92t have any problems pulling the data that I needed and the API had some really cool information available.\
\

\b Google Maps API\

\b0 I used the google maps API in order to get the city name using the lat/long coordinates. \
\

\b Skycons\

\b0 I used the Skycons that are recommended by Forecast.io to get the images/icons- This was a more complicated part of this assignment for me since the documentation for Skycons isn\'92t all that great. \
\
This lab was a good way to get more familiar with API\'92s and I think that the end product of it is really useful and cool looking. \
\
}